Update backend compiler dependencies for Ubuntu Server 22.04. (#38)
tenstorrent/tt-buda-demos: first_5_steps/1_install_tt_buda.md

### OS Compatibility

> Currently our Tenstorrent software can be access on **Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (Focal Fossa)** and **Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (Jammy Jellyfish)** operating systems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Tenstorrent software is supported on **Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (Focal Fossa)** and **Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (Jammy Jellyfish)** operating systems. 
```

### Backend Compiler Dependencies

Instructions to install the Tenstorrent backend compiler dependencies on a fresh install of Ubuntu Server 20.04 or Ubuntu Server 22.04.

> *You may need to **append** each `apt-get` command with `sudo` if you do not have root permissions.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*You may need to **append** each `apt` command with `sudo` if you do not have root permissions.*
```

For both operating systems run the following commands:

```bash
apt update -y
apt upgrade -y --no-install-recommends
apt install -y build-essential curl libboost-all-dev libgl1-mesa-glx libgoogle-glog-dev libhdf5-serial-dev ruby software-properties-common libzmq3-dev 

```

For Ubuntu 20.04, add:
```bash
apt install -y clang-6.0 libyaml-cpp-dev libzmq3-dev python3.8-venv 
```

For Ubuntu 22.04, add:
```bash

> apt install -y python3-venv clang wget

Reviewer: Can you test if `python3-venv` will work on Ubuntu 20.04? This way we can make it a common package for both.

Author: done https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-buda-demos/pull/38#:~:text=Verified-,368eae3,-Merge%20state
consolidates all

wget http://mirrors.kernel.org/ubuntu/pool/main/y/yaml-cpp/libyaml-cpp-dev_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
wget http://mirrors.kernel.org/ubuntu/pool/main/y/yaml-cpp/libyaml-cpp0.6_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
dpkg -i libyaml-cpp-dev_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb libyaml-cpp0.6_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
rm libyaml-cpp-dev_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb libyaml-cpp0.6_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
```

Then, for both operating systems, run:

```bash

> apt install -y python3-pip python-is-python3 && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*

Reviewer: If `python3-venv` works on both then you can move `apt install -y python3-pip python-is-python3` to the first section. I would just get rid of `rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*` -- this way we simplify the steps

### Backend Compiler Dependencies

Instructions to install the Tenstorrent backend compiler dependencies on a fresh install of Ubuntu Server 20.04 or Ubuntu Server 22.04.

*You may need to **append** each `apt-get` command with `sudo` if you do not have root permissions.*

For both operating systems run the following commands:

```bash

> apt-get update -y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apt update -y
```

> apt-get upgrade -y --no-install-recommends

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apt upgrade -y --no-install-recommends
```

apt install -y build-essential curl libboost-all-dev libgl1-mesa-glx libgoogle-glog-dev libhdf5-serial-dev ruby software-properties-common libzmq3-dev 

```

> Then, for Ubuntu 20.04, you would add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Ubuntu 20.04, add:
```

```bash
apt install -y clang-6.0 libyaml-cpp-dev libzmq3-dev python3.8-venv 

> pip3 install -U pip

Reviewer: Why is this command needed for 20.04?

Author: removed

```

> For Ubuntu 22.04, you would add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Ubuntu 22.04, add:
```

```bash
apt install -y python3-venv clang wget
wget http://mirrors.kernel.org/ubuntu/pool/main/y/yaml-cpp/libyaml-cpp-dev_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
wget http://mirrors.kernel.org/ubuntu/pool/main/y/yaml-cpp/libyaml-cpp0.6_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
dpkg -i libyaml-cpp-dev_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb libyaml-cpp0.6_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
rm libyaml-cpp-dev_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb libyaml-cpp0.6_0.6.2-4ubuntu1_amd64.deb
```

> Then in both operating system run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, for both operating systems, run:
```
